README.md, before:

# Everyday

This is the home page for my daily code sketches and will likely change sporadically.

These are meant to be sketching with code. I'm using html, css, js and the p5js and jQuery libraries.


## Mini Development Log

1 - 8  
spinny css shapes, grids, gradients  
9  
SEASON - year clock. took a looong 4 hours to figure all out. conic-gradient polyfill.   
10, 11  
turtle + yin yang fight - uses turtle-jquery. drunkwalk/randomwalk.  
12  
all i want for christmas is a ... + a .... +  
13  
merzbox listing + links  
14 - 18   
random colors, homemade sequencers, dice rollers, voice sampler instruments  
19, 20, 21  
almost-rogues. made by scratch. using p5dom. implemented items, monsters, fighting, potions, scrolls, gold, hp, xp. not implemented: correct fighting.  
22  
rotate-like. roguelike code but now rotating. input affects motion.  
23 - 27  
flatgames using my tool. 27 is a prototype flatgame builder.  
28 - 35  
generative or css drawing, gradient, face, y mas. check 32 and 33: flag, and black flag  
36 - 54  
3D projects (of somewhat increasing complexity). check any, but especially later ones like 52/rothkubes.  
55 - 57  
Visited Taipei Museum of Fine Arts - saw Yu Peng's retrospective and used elements from epic 5 Women painting and Mountains of Fu Chun for generative exploratory works with p5play.  
58  
self-playing self-query-scape  
59-61  
floating heads variations, responding to voice, audio  
62  
Paintmaster. instant digital glitch funk backgrounds. click to redraw.  
63  
dungeon map maker - control sprites  
64  
10,000 bowls of oatmeal dungeon zone name generator  
'pair of earrings mall','shoe lace economic zone','incense holder institute','rat mission'  
65  
unfinished ascii block drawing, ultra too simple n bug-ful  
66  
used this as a flux talking head for a promo at ARoS museum in Denmark  
67  
my bald head simulator  
68  
more baldness w/ sound and motion  
69 - 72  
a random white noise player (voice sounds) made for disquiet junto 0398: rauschen bern, 70 = groan sounds, 71 = fm3 buddha machine sounds, 72 = eno music for airports sounds  
73  
"press package"  
74  
a roguelike zoo creator. minimal. needs some work.  
75  
more roguelike dungeon-drawing experiment (+ glitch box maker)  
76  
minimal experiment to make a web-based button builder - 2 modes  
77  
testing...testing...json button object reader  
78 - 80  
These 3 are links to projects I created in November for [National Novel Generating Month](http://nanogenmo.github.io), an annual tradition where computational potes/botmakers/coder-artists produce generated *novels*, defined as being output of 50k words or more. 78 is pomelo, my generator to produce Yoko Ono instruction text pieces in the style of her books Grapefruit and Acorn. This took me a few days, and I used Kate Compton's [Tracery](http://tracery.io) library, and had a few issues getting it going. I still want to pick this back up and tweak it a bit better sometime. The titles don't connect well to the associated generated text. 79 is a link to a Nano-NaNoGenMo (sub 256 character) program I wrote to generate a novel called *Don't Talk to Me or My Son or My Son's Son or My Son's Son's Son Ever Again*. 80 is a link to *Lucifer Bimbisara or Francois unsuperscribed*, another Nano-NaNoGenMo program that uses the built-in word lists on Linux computers to generate poetic text.  
81  
Oh man, I've tried to make [roguelikes](https://roguelike.club/roguelikes.html) with p5.js a bunch, but never got to anything playable. (See earlier experiments 19-22). This is a first minimal playable thing. Still needs a good core mechanic. Visually I had fun with it, making my own [Brough-like](https://itch.io/jam/broughlike). Lots still to do.  
82  
this is a modified version of 81 so that it's self-playing  
83  
oh, what the hell, it's 4am, i built a scanner-camera, inspired by a short [article](https://reading.supply/@joshuajenkins/imitating-a-copier-evmvhD) and photo/gifs from Joshua Jenkins. He didn't share any code, but I thought this was an interesting idea to build a scanner-style camera in p5.js. Mine can scan top to bottom or right to left. There's a bug. Need to play with the image drawing lines to figure out where, probably in the size of the camera capture.  
84  
oh, just some goals  
85  
oh, just some goals-sheet-maker  
86  
a zine-maker! wooo! includes a help screen! it has its own documentation and is being built out. needs to output pdf!  
87  
it's 83, the scan-camera hosted on glitch.com and embedded here so it'll work in other peoples' browsers because it's using https now  
88  
Printster7200, a generative poster-maker! it's modified from 86's code (ZineMaker2054) but now it's a single page poster-maker. should be built into a more robust tool!  
89  
started building out a mini 3d game engine thing instead of using unity. exercise in futility. has a soundtrack, you can eat things. move with arrow keys. grab and rotate world. move mouse to rotate 'body'.  
90  
different version of 89. playable. not a game but a good roamer.  
91  
poster grid. posters generated with printwobbler, new version of 84. saved, presented on screen with version of 83's starter code.  
92  
remake 51 w/ file input option. a demake of the floor of messlife.  
93  
remix of 92, unfortunately now with boxes. need more organic shapes next. i'm on an airplane so couldn't look up syntax. mouse grab rotates.  
94  
variation of 93, using screenshots of terminal / txt / imgs. mouse grab rotates.  
95  
simple 2d bezier curves in 3d space, at first an emulation of struggle inc / cody hudson but mine is much simpler, done in 20-30 min, worth revisiting later. mouse grab to rotate/reposition.  
96  
sucky bad first rendering of ultra dashed off scene made from scans of my notebook chickenscratch and some crayone drawings. don't yet know how to properly render lights in webgl from unity. looked fine in the editor? no skybox. no nothin' really.  
97  
same problems, different day. using images scanned in C.F. from a poster hanging in my bedroom from his show "Comics" exhibited at beginnings in brooklyn circa 2014?  
98  
mockup of a different version of the talking face. won't work in firefox or on http, requires https. copy on glitch.com should work  
99  
modification of 57, self-flying - submission to vector fest  
100  
redo 58, submission to vector fest
101  
blatant oblique strategies cover  
102  
doodle studio 95 mini zone, music from my modular. bizarro. corona virus indoors day. sunday.  
103  
a flatgame using starter movement and animation scripts from the [flatgame first-timer's beginner's guide](https://flatgame.itch.io/first-timers-tutorial). made of drawings of the houses i've lived in, and my notes. music recorded on my modular synth. created in nu jersey.  
104  
my second 2d in 3d game. made with drawings in my notebook of my childhood house at 232 henley. put a lot of time into getting this right, figuring out sound, ending fade/glitches, etc. proud of this one.  
105  
speculative software (really a website) called Zonez88 or homezonez88, 'a simulation manifesation based on ambient memories and dream-material of their native living units'  
106  
a virtual seder plate  
107  
collapsed website / collapsed poesis generated  
108  
made during twitch tv stream for babycastles academy on april 19, 2020 during covid-19. improvisationally made live. "becoming landscape" - demo poemware.  
109  
BEGIN DAY 1 of ??. Finals Fantasy-Jake Elliott prompt's. Make a html branching game every day speculating on something happening nearby. Today: chicken house.  
110  
day 2 of ??. branching narrative of a woman and stink bug in new jersey.  
111  
day 3 of ??. non-branching-stream-of-thoughtlessness.  
112  
my own *obscure instructions*, inspired by Eno and Scmidt, Yoko Ono, and Do It. Also hosted on glitch and itch! Why not.   
113  
custom 404 page based on 107  
114  
it's been a min. added a page of my goals, assessing where i'm at during this halfyear mark.  
115, 116  
reviving my self-playing starter p5.roguelike in some tests  
117  
one-dimensional version of roguelike, sketch 81  
118 - 123  
various frank stella-ish viz tests. light and surupy. then dark and heavy. remangling past imagery. etc.  
124  
website test of something  
125  
i coded up an amateur 1-dimensional hunt the wumpis (which i call wimpis) for hardware, the microbit, and an emulated version here that works in the browser  
126-128  
some tests with hands. don't mind me.    
129  
um i just needed something to pick a card any card  
130  
a variation of 118, and color red  
131  
procrastination for 5 min  
132  
test to see if git hooks workin'  
133 - 135  
sigil generator, zygil generator, zyzzyggyy generator  
136  
this is basically my hello world for pico-8. no significant interaction yet. arrow keys move.  
137  
a personal tool to play a game  
138  
uh-oh, starting pico-8. a generative toything  
139  
found this on old computer from several several years ago. added fillp and then >>> published.  
140  
same, an early sketch i just found, from before i knew pico-8 or lua. i added in some random fillp backgrounds.  
141  
pico-8 quilt generator  
142  
progressing on my quiltlike, tiny village walkabout. procedural generation of the village map implemented, along with naming each location. makes fun of the Museum of Pizza, Museum of Illusions, etc - the tourist/slob-circuit in nyc. anyway....  
143  
more progress! quiltfolk is now a full village, procedurally generated, with houses, people, mini conversation stubs and procedurally generated quilts!    
144  
digital holga cam  
145  
same but 100px x 100px, for use in Xzone workshop in Our Networks conference  
146, 147, 148, 149  
like the 122s w/ dif imgs  
150  
this is an attempt at recreating a mid-90s shareware videogame I used to play on Mac system 9. It came on a disk with hundreds of programs on it. I don't remember the name. The graphics and sound were different. This is my take. Images from [Ruins of Desert Cathay](https://archive.org/details/ruinsofdesertcat01stei).  This is a first commit/version, i am continuing to work on it in another location and will publish to my itch page.  
151, 152  
first steps. 151: generating a random "customer" as a first step to possibly building out a generated world, inspired by my microfiction game Shopkeeper. 152: trying to figure out why translate is also rotating, probably due to adding up translations in draw? more investigation needed.  
153  
dice thing  
154  
DIY slideshow  
155  
a todo-list app in a tweet  
156, 157  
based on 155, extended simply, an idea that came to me quickly, around 2am. made several variations. raining checkboxes, text from the generic personality test quiz found in darius's corpora collection  
158  
mit commission, minus seed / page api / print capability  
159  
b&w THRESHOLD variation  
160  
same as 159 but camera follows (zero) player, always placing at center  
161  
i love this one. my first generative animated illustrated dream.  
162  
modified version of 158 that changes from Black and White to Color periodically  
163  
another dream, about a cat playing with 'a penumbra'  
164  
starter title screen scroller / randomizer, for use by other scripts for an autonomous generative animated story-movie for an exhibit  
165  
started something new, a test submission possibly for taper6. i rarely code in straightup js so it took me more than a reasonable time to get this simple code setup.  
166  
made a tiny logo-like toy language DSL and tested it out here, implementing something like gary stager's 21st century logo quilts assignment  
167  
added another quilt i made with my PLogo  
168  
quilt of trees in a forest  
169  
same as 168, now with retro filter applied  
170  
made a drunk turtle walk with my LOGO. "art" as neil would say.  
171  
same as 170 but added console output  
172  
nother quick test run, minor changes  
173  
a submission to list jam 2021  
174  
link to Gobi game on itch.io  
175  
ploguelike, not really a roguelike in plogo, just an idea  
176  
found an old bitsy sketch from summer 2018 and might as well plop it here.  
177  
abandoned but pushed anyway  
178  
variation on my Taper #6 submission  
179  
another variation on taper #6 piece  
180, 181, 182  
weird worldbuilding via forms   
183, 184  
mini scratchpads doodling tools, originally made to be used for vimwiki wiki but can be used on phone, web, etc  
185  
2 minute program, generate 'sigil'  
186, 187, 188, 190, 191  
tiny avatar generator, inspired by pixelfaces, and derivatives  
189 - 191    
different avatar generators, in semi-3d  
192 - 203
extremely simple 'print-quality' b&w threshold collage using a single public domain image of kurt schwitters' merzbau. s to save. click to add more images.  
then added more found merzbau images and layer them more. extensions of 192. s to save. click to add more layers. 193 - 4 are merzbild. 195 & 197 is my apartment. 196 is patterns in my apt. 198 is a quilt experiment. 199 are my drawings integrated. 201 is built of eurorack images, 202 is government images database from the dep't of energy. 203 is an early early test for my nanogenmo entry.  
204  
puzzlescript game, just getting some basics down in a few minutes. dumdum dungeon.  
205  
randum robots puzzlescript  
206  
made while teaching puzzlescript today to students in programming for visual artists. 
207  
slightly better variation  
208  
mario demake, unfinished  
209  
indiana jones demake  
210  
same, but with better built-in learning tutorials  
211  
an actual fun 'first' game, haberdashery!  
212  
a maze game with teleporters  
213  
Beats of Babylon: generative beat creation  
214  
Broadway Boogie Awoogie 1 hard 'generative' music  
215  
phasing piece and practicing livecoding with puzzlescript! homage to steve reich? very lofi  
216  
noise thing.  
217  
a wanderland vision quest sans mechanics  
218  
the aging process (accurate)  
219  
rabbit in a hat puzzlescript toy. could be built into more of a game. right now it's a very simple find-it/guess-who type game.  
220  
Dungeon of Eyeballs. A simple but challenging escape the dungeon maze game.  
221  
Carnivorous Plant Farmer of Xsfot. A fun gardening game!  
222  
4 art assignments. 4 pixel painting art assignments.  
223  
petri dish. a kind of automata.  
224  
sleeping in the pandemic. a diary / memoir / journal of life in the pandemic.  
225  
excuses. just text describing my day and why i didn't make any 'art.'  
226  
made clue. took forever and it's not even great.  
227  
caniblock, canabalt-like  
228  
worked harder on 227 and turned it into Stunt Copter, a clone of the Mac SE game I used to play in the early 90s when we were supposed to learn touch typing in middle school  
229  
island adrift [screensaver]  
230  
a not-great game but finished! for glorious trainwrecks secret santa event.  
231  
made in about 30 min during the web1.0 (0.0?) jam organized by html energy, sometime in jan i think  
232  
made a week after getting concussion, 8 days  
233  
sound test proof of concept for a piece for Sholeh Asgary  
234  
back in business. first lil thing after concussion. just wanted to try something out. was reading allison's report on her culturehub project and decided i'd mock something up fast before bed.  
235  
CLI (emulated) in the browser, running WHITE FLAG 1.0 - command line software to generate a white flag. more to come?  
236  
minimal test, not a game, to move a player @ around screen with key presses, just vanilla browser API  
237  
little test page listing my computers, inspired by the ultra-minimal design of breadpunk.club/~yeast (eli)  
238  
list of white noise sounds in my room  
239  
listed all the books i'm reading lately, why not. minimal non-theme again.  
240  
CSS Grid practice, inspired by Elliott Computer, to build an archive of today's fave archives and sites  
241  
a list of (almost) every item i purchased or bought on ebay 1999 - 2022  
242  
A <dream> within a <dream>  
243  
things i like, my cultural/artistic influences  
244  
i'll be honest this was a 30 second messup that i liked the look of so am keeping it. but i'll fix and turn my intention into 245  
245  
a version of 243 that can be played coninuously  
246  
made a version hacked to display fluxers  
247  
bootleg eno reflection inspired app made in a few minutes for someone who doesn't like eno  
248  
piece created for live performance at ARoS public event 'i would die 2 u' august 11, 2022 with flux factory  
249  
link to Web World and cooperative Computing site made for ARoS Public and Mixr event - organized with flux factory and code&share[], aarhus  
250  
Radio Free Aarhus audiozine  
251  
yet another random village generator  
252  
village generator grid, half-completed  
253  
quick and dirty presentation 'zine' layout using community memory images    
254  
map of the neighborhood, made as demonstration site for Scripting for the Web

Commit message:

add 255 10print variation with photo i shot of a mural

README.md, after:

# Everyday

This is the home page for my daily code sketches and will likely change sporadically.

These are meant to be sketching with code. I'm using html, css, js and the p5js and jQuery libraries.


## Mini Development Log

1 - 8  
spinny css shapes, grids, gradients  
9  
SEASON - year clock. took a looong 4 hours to figure all out. conic-gradient polyfill.   
10, 11  
turtle + yin yang fight - uses turtle-jquery. drunkwalk/randomwalk.  
12  
all i want for christmas is a ... + a .... +  
13  
merzbox listing + links  
14 - 18   
random colors, homemade sequencers, dice rollers, voice sampler instruments  
19, 20, 21  
almost-rogues. made by scratch. using p5dom. implemented items, monsters, fighting, potions, scrolls, gold, hp, xp. not implemented: correct fighting.  
22  
rotate-like. roguelike code but now rotating. input affects motion.  
23 - 27  
flatgames using my tool. 27 is a prototype flatgame builder.  
28 - 35  
generative or css drawing, gradient, face, y mas. check 32 and 33: flag, and black flag  
36 - 54  
3D projects (of somewhat increasing complexity). check any, but especially later ones like 52/rothkubes.  
55 - 57  
Visited Taipei Museum of Fine Arts - saw Yu Peng's retrospective and used elements from epic 5 Women painting and Mountains of Fu Chun for generative exploratory works with p5play.  
58  
self-playing self-query-scape  
59-61  
floating heads variations, responding to voice, audio  
62  
Paintmaster. instant digital glitch funk backgrounds. click to redraw.  
63  
dungeon map maker - control sprites  
64  
10,000 bowls of oatmeal dungeon zone name generator  
'pair of earrings mall','shoe lace economic zone','incense holder institute','rat mission'  
65  
unfinished ascii block drawing, ultra too simple n bug-ful  
66  
used this as a flux talking head for a promo at ARoS museum in Denmark  
67  
my bald head simulator  
68  
more baldness w/ sound and motion  
69 - 72  
a random white noise player (voice sounds) made for disquiet junto 0398: rauschen bern, 70 = groan sounds, 71 = fm3 buddha machine sounds, 72 = eno music for airports sounds  
73  
"press package"  
74  
a roguelike zoo creator. minimal. needs some work.  
75  
more roguelike dungeon-drawing experiment (+ glitch box maker)  
76  
minimal experiment to make a web-based button builder - 2 modes  
77  
testing...testing...json button object reader  
78 - 80  
These 3 are links to projects I created in November for [National Novel Generating Month](http://nanogenmo.github.io), an annual tradition where computational potes/botmakers/coder-artists produce generated *novels*, defined as being output of 50k words or more. 78 is pomelo, my generator to produce Yoko Ono instruction text pieces in the style of her books Grapefruit and Acorn. This took me a few days, and I used Kate Compton's [Tracery](http://tracery.io) library, and had a few issues getting it going. I still want to pick this back up and tweak it a bit better sometime. The titles don't connect well to the associated generated text. 79 is a link to a Nano-NaNoGenMo (sub 256 character) program I wrote to generate a novel called *Don't Talk to Me or My Son or My Son's Son or My Son's Son's Son Ever Again*. 80 is a link to *Lucifer Bimbisara or Francois unsuperscribed*, another Nano-NaNoGenMo program that uses the built-in word lists on Linux computers to generate poetic text.  
81  
Oh man, I've tried to make [roguelikes](https://roguelike.club/roguelikes.html) with p5.js a bunch, but never got to anything playable. (See earlier experiments 19-22). This is a first minimal playable thing. Still needs a good core mechanic. Visually I had fun with it, making my own [Brough-like](https://itch.io/jam/broughlike). Lots still to do.  
82  
this is a modified version of 81 so that it's self-playing  
83  
oh, what the hell, it's 4am, i built a scanner-camera, inspired by a short [article](https://reading.supply/@joshuajenkins/imitating-a-copier-evmvhD) and photo/gifs from Joshua Jenkins. He didn't share any code, but I thought this was an interesting idea to build a scanner-style camera in p5.js. Mine can scan top to bottom or right to left. There's a bug. Need to play with the image drawing lines to figure out where, probably in the size of the camera capture.  
84  
oh, just some goals  
85  
oh, just some goals-sheet-maker  
86  
a zine-maker! wooo! includes a help screen! it has its own documentation and is being built out. needs to output pdf!  
87  
it's 83, the scan-camera hosted on glitch.com and embedded here so it'll work in other peoples' browsers because it's using https now  
88  
Printster7200, a generative poster-maker! it's modified from 86's code (ZineMaker2054) but now it's a single page poster-maker. should be built into a more robust tool!  
89  
started building out a mini 3d game engine thing instead of using unity. exercise in futility. has a soundtrack, you can eat things. move with arrow keys. grab and rotate world. move mouse to rotate 'body'.  
90  
different version of 89. playable. not a game but a good roamer.  
91  
poster grid. posters generated with printwobbler, new version of 84. saved, presented on screen with version of 83's starter code.  
92  
remake 51 w/ file input option. a demake of the floor of messlife.  
93  
remix of 92, unfortunately now with boxes. need more organic shapes next. i'm on an airplane so couldn't look up syntax. mouse grab rotates.  
94  
variation of 93, using screenshots of terminal / txt / imgs. mouse grab rotates.  
95  
simple 2d bezier curves in 3d space, at first an emulation of struggle inc / cody hudson but mine is much simpler, done in 20-30 min, worth revisiting later. mouse grab to rotate/reposition.  
96  
sucky bad first rendering of ultra dashed off scene made from scans of my notebook chickenscratch and some crayone drawings. don't yet know how to properly render lights in webgl from unity. looked fine in the editor? no skybox. no nothin' really.  
97  
same problems, different day. using images scanned in C.F. from a poster hanging in my bedroom from his show "Comics" exhibited at beginnings in brooklyn circa 2014?  
98  
mockup of a different version of the talking face. won't work in firefox or on http, requires https. copy on glitch.com should work  
99  
modification of 57, self-flying - submission to vector fest  
100  
redo 58, submission to vector fest
101  
blatant oblique strategies cover  
102  
doodle studio 95 mini zone, music from my modular. bizarro. corona virus indoors day. sunday.  
103  
a flatgame using starter movement and animation scripts from the [flatgame first-timer's beginner's guide](https://flatgame.itch.io/first-timers-tutorial). made of drawings of the houses i've lived in, and my notes. music recorded on my modular synth. created in nu jersey.  
104  
my second 2d in 3d game. made with drawings in my notebook of my childhood house at 232 henley. put a lot of time into getting this right, figuring out sound, ending fade/glitches, etc. proud of this one.  
105  
speculative software (really a website) called Zonez88 or homezonez88, 'a simulation manifesation based on ambient memories and dream-material of their native living units'  
106  
a virtual seder plate  
107  
collapsed website / collapsed poesis generated  
108  
made during twitch tv stream for babycastles academy on april 19, 2020 during covid-19. improvisationally made live. "becoming landscape" - demo poemware.  
109  
BEGIN DAY 1 of ??. Finals Fantasy-Jake Elliott prompt's. Make a html branching game every day speculating on something happening nearby. Today: chicken house.  
110  
day 2 of ??. branching narrative of a woman and stink bug in new jersey.  
111  
day 3 of ??. non-branching-stream-of-thoughtlessness.  
112  
my own *obscure instructions*, inspired by Eno and Scmidt, Yoko Ono, and Do It. Also hosted on glitch and itch! Why not.   
113  
custom 404 page based on 107  
114  
it's been a min. added a page of my goals, assessing where i'm at during this halfyear mark.  
115, 116  
reviving my self-playing starter p5.roguelike in some tests  
117  
one-dimensional version of roguelike, sketch 81  
118 - 123  
various frank stella-ish viz tests. light and surupy. then dark and heavy. remangling past imagery. etc.  
124  
website test of something  
125  
i coded up an amateur 1-dimensional hunt the wumpis (which i call wimpis) for hardware, the microbit, and an emulated version here that works in the browser  
126-128  
some tests with hands. don't mind me.    
129  
um i just needed something to pick a card any card  
130  
a variation of 118, and color red  
131  
procrastination for 5 min  
132  
test to see if git hooks workin'  
133 - 135  
sigil generator, zygil generator, zyzzyggyy generator  
136  
this is basically my hello world for pico-8. no significant interaction yet. arrow keys move.  
137  
a personal tool to play a game  
138  
uh-oh, starting pico-8. a generative toything  
139  
found this on old computer from several several years ago. added fillp and then >>> published.  
140  
same, an early sketch i just found, from before i knew pico-8 or lua. i added in some random fillp backgrounds.  
141  
pico-8 quilt generator  
142  
progressing on my quiltlike, tiny village walkabout. procedural generation of the village map implemented, along with naming each location. makes fun of the Museum of Pizza, Museum of Illusions, etc - the tourist/slob-circuit in nyc. anyway....  
143  
more progress! quiltfolk is now a full village, procedurally generated, with houses, people, mini conversation stubs and procedurally generated quilts!    
144  
digital holga cam  
145  
same but 100px x 100px, for use in Xzone workshop in Our Networks conference  
146, 147, 148, 149  
like the 122s w/ dif imgs  
150  
this is an attempt at recreating a mid-90s shareware videogame I used to play on Mac system 9. It came on a disk with hundreds of programs on it. I don't remember the name. The graphics and sound were different. This is my take. Images from [Ruins of Desert Cathay](https://archive.org/details/ruinsofdesertcat01stei).  This is a first commit/version, i am continuing to work on it in another location and will publish to my itch page.  
151, 152  
first steps. 151: generating a random "customer" as a first step to possibly building out a generated world, inspired by my microfiction game Shopkeeper. 152: trying to figure out why translate is also rotating, probably due to adding up translations in draw? more investigation needed.  
153  
dice thing  
154  
DIY slideshow  
155  
a todo-list app in a tweet  
156, 157  
based on 155, extended simply, an idea that came to me quickly, around 2am. made several variations. raining checkboxes, text from the generic personality test quiz found in darius's corpora collection  
158  
mit commission, minus seed / page api / print capability  
159  
b&w THRESHOLD variation  
160  
same as 159 but camera follows (zero) player, always placing at center  
161  
i love this one. my first generative animated illustrated dream.  
162  
modified version of 158 that changes from Black and White to Color periodically  
163  
another dream, about a cat playing with 'a penumbra'  
164  
starter title screen scroller / randomizer, for use by other scripts for an autonomous generative animated story-movie for an exhibit  
165  
started something new, a test submission possibly for taper6. i rarely code in straightup js so it took me more than a reasonable time to get this simple code setup.  
166  
made a tiny logo-like toy language DSL and tested it out here, implementing something like gary stager's 21st century logo quilts assignment  
167  
added another quilt i made with my PLogo  
168  
quilt of trees in a forest  
169  
same as 168, now with retro filter applied  
170  
made a drunk turtle walk with my LOGO. "art" as neil would say.  
171  
same as 170 but added console output  
172  
nother quick test run, minor changes  
173  
a submission to list jam 2021  
174  
link to Gobi game on itch.io  
175  
ploguelike, not really a roguelike in plogo, just an idea  
176  
found an old bitsy sketch from summer 2018 and might as well plop it here.  
177  
abandoned but pushed anyway  
178  
variation on my Taper #6 submission  
179  
another variation on taper #6 piece  
180, 181, 182  
weird worldbuilding via forms   
183, 184  
mini scratchpads doodling tools, originally made to be used for vimwiki wiki but can be used on phone, web, etc  
185  
2 minute program, generate 'sigil'  
186, 187, 188, 190, 191  
tiny avatar generator, inspired by pixelfaces, and derivatives  
189 - 191    
different avatar generators, in semi-3d  
192 - 203
extremely simple 'print-quality' b&w threshold collage using a single public domain image of kurt schwitters' merzbau. s to save. click to add more images.  
then added more found merzbau images and layer them more. extensions of 192. s to save. click to add more layers. 193 - 4 are merzbild. 195 & 197 is my apartment. 196 is patterns in my apt. 198 is a quilt experiment. 199 are my drawings integrated. 201 is built of eurorack images, 202 is government images database from the dep't of energy. 203 is an early early test for my nanogenmo entry.  
204  
puzzlescript game, just getting some basics down in a few minutes. dumdum dungeon.  
205  
randum robots puzzlescript  
206  
made while teaching puzzlescript today to students in programming for visual artists. 
207  
slightly better variation  
208  
mario demake, unfinished  
209  
indiana jones demake  
210  
same, but with better built-in learning tutorials  
211  
an actual fun 'first' game, haberdashery!  
212  
a maze game with teleporters  
213  
Beats of Babylon: generative beat creation  
214  
Broadway Boogie Awoogie 1 hard 'generative' music  
215  
phasing piece and practicing livecoding with puzzlescript! homage to steve reich? very lofi  
216  
noise thing.  
217  
a wanderland vision quest sans mechanics  
218  
the aging process (accurate)  
219  
rabbit in a hat puzzlescript toy. could be built into more of a game. right now it's a very simple find-it/guess-who type game.  
220  
Dungeon of Eyeballs. A simple but challenging escape the dungeon maze game.  
221  
Carnivorous Plant Farmer of Xsfot. A fun gardening game!  
222  
4 art assignments. 4 pixel painting art assignments.  
223  
petri dish. a kind of automata.  
224  
sleeping in the pandemic. a diary / memoir / journal of life in the pandemic.  
225  
excuses. just text describing my day and why i didn't make any 'art.'  
226  
made clue. took forever and it's not even great.  
227  
caniblock, canabalt-like  
228  
worked harder on 227 and turned it into Stunt Copter, a clone of the Mac SE game I used to play in the early 90s when we were supposed to learn touch typing in middle school  
229  
island adrift [screensaver]  
230  
a not-great game but finished! for glorious trainwrecks secret santa event.  
231  
made in about 30 min during the web1.0 (0.0?) jam organized by html energy, sometime in jan i think  
232  
made a week after getting concussion, 8 days  
233  
sound test proof of concept for a piece for Sholeh Asgary  
234  
back in business. first lil thing after concussion. just wanted to try something out. was reading allison's report on her culturehub project and decided i'd mock something up fast before bed.  
235  
CLI (emulated) in the browser, running WHITE FLAG 1.0 - command line software to generate a white flag. more to come?  
236  
minimal test, not a game, to move a player @ around screen with key presses, just vanilla browser API  
237  
little test page listing my computers, inspired by the ultra-minimal design of breadpunk.club/~yeast (eli)  
238  
list of white noise sounds in my room  
239  
listed all the books i'm reading lately, why not. minimal non-theme again.  
240  
CSS Grid practice, inspired by Elliott Computer, to build an archive of today's fave archives and sites  
241  
a list of (almost) every item i purchased or bought on ebay 1999 - 2022  
242  
A <dream> within a <dream>  
243  
things i like, my cultural/artistic influences  
244  
i'll be honest this was a 30 second messup that i liked the look of so am keeping it. but i'll fix and turn my intention into 245  
245  
a version of 243 that can be played coninuously  
246  
made a version hacked to display fluxers  
247  
bootleg eno reflection inspired app made in a few minutes for someone who doesn't like eno  
248  
piece created for live performance at ARoS public event 'i would die 2 u' august 11, 2022 with flux factory  
249  
link to Web World and cooperative Computing site made for ARoS Public and Mixr event - organized with flux factory and code&share[], aarhus  
250  
Radio Free Aarhus audiozine  
251  
yet another random village generator  
252  
village generator grid, half-completed  
253  
quick and dirty presentation 'zine' layout using community memory images    
254  
map of the neighborhood, made as demonstration site for Scripting for the Web  
255  
just something i thought of, a 10print variation, while taking a walk and seeing an old (better!) mural peeking out behind a more recent capitalist realism one
